Welcome back.
I wanted to take a second here before you.
We keep going with testing our robo friends app to just go over what we've learned from our slides and
how it all makes sense now we learned that now we have just that we can install that provides for us
a test framework something that we can run tests in and this just also comes with an assertion library
where we can use expect dot to be equal or to have or all these things that we can do that we saw in
our cheat sheet to assert something to make sure that this equals this and then we also saw that just
comes with a test runner something that we're able to run the test in and you saw that in my terminal.
I always have those tests running and checking and making sure that things are always passing.
We also saw that we have marking functions that we can use we saw that in our example where we built
our Star Wars API where we got all those people that we could mock the fetch function and make sure
that it was called again something that comes with just sign on is another popular one that it works
very very similar that you're going to see as well.
And then finally we saw that we can do code coverage by running NPM test dash dash dash dash coverage
and it gives us a coverage of where we have tests and where we don't.
So that we can improve our app.
I told you this is going to make sense and we're not even done yet.
We saw that we can test our app programmatically but if we need any time to use some DOM API we have
those three options we can use the actual Don we can use something like puppeteer for a headless browser
or something like J.S. Dom which if we're using the Mount rendering an enzyme we can set up as well.
Again.
This setup is fairly simple and you can check it out on the enzyme documentation Oh yeah and we also
learned that in react we can use enzyme and snapshot testing to make our tests super super easy.
Again another reason that I love using just especially with react projects that was a quick break back
to coding we go in the next video see you on that one by.